h1. MWB Plugin

Generate schema files from MySQL Workbench files.

h2. Background

I love working with MySQL Workbench and have used until now "a plugin":http://bin.cakephp.org/saved/45100 that exports MySQL workbench schema to CakePHP files.
I wanted to enhance this plugin but don't know LUA that's why I started writing this plugin.

h2. Requirements

* CakePHP 1.2/1.3
* A MySQL Workbench schema

h2. Installation

_[Manual]_

# Download this: http://github.com/13i/mwb/zipball/master
# Unzip that download.
# Copy the resulting folder to app/plugins
# Rename the folder you just copied to @mwb@

_[GIT Submodule]_

In your app directory type:
<pre><code>git submodule add git://github.com/13i/mwb.git plugins/mwb
git submodule init
git submodule update
</code></pre>

_[GIT Clone]_

In your plugin directory type
<pre><code>git clone git://github.com/13i/mwb.git mwb</code></pre>

h2. Usage

# Place your MWB file in 'config/schema' folder (or 'my_plugin/config/schema') and give it an underscored name (ex: my_db_schema.mwb)
# Navigate to /admin/mwb

h2. Todo

* Handle file uploads
* Handle schema versions
* Export locales and translate

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2011 www.13i.fr

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. 

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. 
